
Q.1)
Ans.) ORM = ORM is stands for object oriented mapping using of it we can easly develop and maintain the
            relationship between an object and realtional database by mapping object .
            it is capable to perform many operation like insertion ,deletion, updation etc


            JAVA    ---------->  ORM ---------> Databse Column
            Object

            for example person is a object of a person class in that class have detail of a peron
            orm means when we persist this to database and create table insert the given data

     * There are two type of mapping direction
        1.) Unidirection Mapping :- it means only one Entity can refer the properties of another
        2.) Biderectional Mapping :- it means both Entity can refer the properties of each other

Q.2)
Ans.) The name of the default hibernate configuration file is hibernate.cfg.xml
      the property name Create that is used to automatically create the table in case the table is not there.
      
        <property name="hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto">create</property>

Q.5)
Ans.) Advantages of a Criteria API
        * we can manuplate data using criteria api without using any hard-coded sql statement
        * this api is also work on another machine this machine in that machine have diffenrent table name
            than also it will work because of classes.
        * this is provide many methode for manupulation for example sum(),avg() etc.

Q.6)
Ans.) * There are various mapping
       1.) one-to-one :- instance of each entity is related to a single instance of another Entity
          Example- one employee have one laptop

       2.) Many-to-one :- instance of Multiple instance of a entity is related to single instance of another Entity
          Example- Many Employee are working in a same company

       3.) one-to-Many :- instance of single entity is related to multiple instance of a another Entity
          Example - one student study many subjects

       4.) Many-to-Many :- instance of multiple entity is related to multiple intance of a another entity
          Example - Many student are enrolled in a many courses
